h2. AS3Commons Collections - ActionScript Collections Framework

h3. References

* "Examples":http://sibirjak.com/osflash/projects/as3commons-collections/examples/
* "Project Homepage":http://sibirjak.com/osflash/projects/as3commons-collections/ (Overview, Features, Documentation, Examples)
* "APIDoc":http://as3commons.github.com/as3commons-collections/apidoc/
* "Downloads":http://code.google.com/p/as3-commons/downloads/list (ZIP, SWC)
* "AS3Commons Project":http://as3commons.org/
* "Google Code":http://code.google.com/p/as3-commons/ (SVN branch and revsion history up to 1.2.0)

*Related Articles*

* "Why we need a collection framework in ActionScript":http://sibirjak.com/osflash/blog/why-we-need-a-collection-framework-in-actionscript/
* "Array, Dictionary, Collections - Performance, Functionality, Reliability":http://sibirjak.com/osflash/blog/array-dictionary-collections-performance-functionality-reliability/
* "Collections Framework Performance Comparision":http://sibirjak.com/osflash/blog/collections-framework-performance-comparision/

h3. About

The AS3Commons Collections project is the most serious AS3 collections resource in the web - providing both a sophisticated collections framework as well as a library of fast collection implementations.

h3. Team

* "John Reeves":https://github.com/jonnyreeves
* "Jens Struwe":https://github.com/kakenbok
* Contribution is highly welcome.

h3. Features

* Small and consistent API
* Fast collection implementations
* Powerful iterators
* Collection util classes
* Data binding enabled collections
* 100% unit tested

h3. Implementations provided

*Collections*

* ArrayList, SortedList
* Set, LinkedSet, SortedSet
* Map, LinkedMap, SortedMap
* LinkedList, Treap

*Bindable Collections*

* ArrayListFx, SortedListFx
* SetFx, LinkedSetFx, SortedSetFx
* MapFx, LinkedMapFx, SortedMapFx

*Special purpose iterators*

* ArrayIterator, RecursiveIterator
* FilterIterator, RecursiveFilterIterator, CollectionFilterIterator, MapFilterIterator